hello everyone so this is my final entry
for pinks tablets villains in vogue
contest this look is the Greek goddess
of war annual in the description box
below there will be some information
about this goddess if you are interested
I wanted to give this look a modern
twist so I decided to make this goddess
of war into a metal head / rocker chick
with this faux leather vest and also
wearing all black and then wearing a
plate bell and some gladiator style
heels to tie in an ancient Greece vibe
although I modernized the look I still
wanted to be true to the way women wore
their makeup in ancient Greece so to
find out some of this history and to
know how I achieve this look please keep
on watching so to start I applied equal
parts of BH Cosmetics liquid foundation
in the shade l2 or light olive and
beauty controls regeneration type from
and fill and shade and three with my
synthetic foundation brush and I pide it
quite heavily for a flawless look then i
buffed it out with a flat top blending
brush then with that same synthetic
brush I applied dermablend leg and body
cover in the shade caramel as a contour
and again buff that out with this
blending brush I set that foundation
with a translucent powder using a powder
puff and then knocking off in evening
the powder with this war paint beauty
kabuki brush next I applied Urban Decay
eyeshadow primer potion all over the
lids then taking some scotch tape I took
some pieces and put them on my face as
so to create a sharp eye shadow edge so
taking a fluffy crease brush in my 88
color palette of matte eyeshadows by BH
Cosmetics I'm going to be taking this
brown here and this start a gray brown
hair and I'm applying that to the outer
corner and in the crease ancient Greek
women use suit as eyeshadow so this is
why I'll be mixing grey shadows with the
brown and neutral shadows I want to use
to modernize this makeup look now taking
an elf fluffy angled brush I'm going to
be taking this shuttle here and applying
that as a brow bone highlight as well as
an inner corner highlight
going back with that crease brush I'm
going to be taking some black shadow
along with this light gray silver
eyeshadow mixing it to create a nice
dark gray shade and applying it to the
outer corner this way the shadows look
more study I guess you can say and this
is what it looks like now I'm taking a
flat shader brush and this palette here
and I'm going to be picking up this gold
shade here called popular and applying
it onto my lid once again with that
crease brush I'm taking this shade here
called splendid and I'm rocking that in
decreased to transition the gold shadow
with the rest of the shadow this is why
I didn't use a clean brush because the
leftover shadows on this brush aided in
blending now going in with this shade
called breeze I'm applying that as a
shimmery brow bone highlight this look
wasn't planned out very well so I'm just
creating this look as I go next I'm
taking this sponge tip brush and I'm
picking up some of jesse's girls I dust
in the pigment color Sparkle gold and
applying that as an inner corner
highlight then I decided to take this
flat shader brush I use previously to
apply some of that I dust onto my lid
now i'm taking L'Oreal's 24-hour lacquer
liner in 171 blackest black and using
the brush it came with I'm going to be
lining my upper lash line then right
here I realize that I could now remove
the tape from my face using elfs shimmer
eyeliner pencil I'm applying that to
both my bottom and top waterline then
setting that with an angled eyeliner
brush and some matte black eyeshadow now
with a smudge brush I'm going to be
mixing the first two shadows that I used
with that splendid shade and I'm running
that all along the lower lash line next
I'm taking a little brow brush and I'm
brushing off any foundation that might
have accumulated there then I'm going to
fill them in with a matte black
eyeshadow and an angled eyeliner brush
like so
now once we applying this Revlon be on
natural 911 69 long volumizing lashes
with Revlon position lash adhesive but
first I'm going to curl my natural
lashes and once the lashes are on I'm
applying a thin layer of mascara to fuse
them together and of course I'm not
forgetting to add some mascara to the
bottom lashes next is contouring and I'm
just doing my usual contour with my
angled blush brush using brown eyeshadow
from my 80 matte palette and as always
conjuring the hollows of the cheeks the
temples the hairline the nose the
jawline and down the neck you know same
old same old now i'm using mouth blush
and applying that with my finger to
apply it a little heavy women of ancient
greece used crushed mulberries seaweed
and flowers to create a red pigment and
use it as a stain so going a little
heavy on the blush is okay however I
don't want to go too heavy so I'm
bluffing that out and my contour with my
kabuki brush next with a fluffy shader
brush I'm going to be picking up some of
that Jessie's girls I dust and sparkle
gold and I'm using that to highlight my
face so applying that on my cheekbones
my nose and forehead and using my finger
and brush to smooth that out now I'm
going to be applying some rhinestones in
between my eyebrows and sort of connect
them because ancient Greeks seem to like
connected eyebrows but instead of
achieving that with shadows I'm going to
be applying rhinestones with reference
position lash adhesive so now my
eyebrows are connected to match that
fashionable statement of ancient Greece
on to lips i'm using a jordan eyeliner
and 43 maroon and I'm lining my lips as
well as filling them in next with the
Sonia lipstick in 130 Porsche red I'm
applying that on top bright red lipstick
was also fashionable in ancient Greece
but take out the red pigment from crush
mulberries seaweed and flowers just as
they did for blush so they use that same
stain for cheeks and lips as last minute
thing I took off some rhinestones
leaving only three because to me the
five were just too overwhelming and I
just prefer it this way so this is the
completed look for my final entry of
this villains and vote contest hope you
guys enjoyed my modern
version of the goddess of war and yo
thank you guys so much for watching and
as always stay tuned for more photos at
the end of this video good luck to
everyone who entered and yeah bye
everyone
go